README.md, before:

<h1>
    <sub>
        <img src="https://usepinpoint.com/static/icon.ico" height="38" width="38" />
    </sub>
    Pinpoint
</h1>

Pinpoint is an extensible keystroke launcher and productivity tool written in C#.

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/11279580/227036269-3b8be90f-71b6-4fb9-85e0-02361dfd5db2.mp4

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Features](#features)
- [Keyboard Shortcuts](#keyboard-shortcuts)
- [Contributing](#contributing)

## Installation

### Manually
- Download the latest release [here](https://github.com/dkgv/pinpoint/releases) (pick the standalone version if you do not have .NET 7 installed)
- Extract the `Pinpoint-X.X.X.zip` file
- Launch `Pinpoint.exe`

## Features

### App search

Searches for installed apps.

### Bangs

Allows you to use the 10.000+ [DuckDuckGo !Bang](https://duckduckgo.com/bang) operators to search directly on websites.

### Bookmarks

Indexes bookmarks across browsers (Brave, Chrome, Firefox).

### Calculator

Calculates simple mathematical expressions.

### Clipboard manager

Manages your clipboard contents automatically.

### Clipboard uploader

Uploads your clipboard to a pastebin and providing a shareable link.

### Color converter

Converts hex colors to RGB and vice versa.

### Command line

Launches CLI commands directly from Pinpoint.

### Control panel

Enables you to search for control panel items.

### Currency converter

Converts between currencies and crypto currencies.

### Dictionary

Defines words.

### Emoji searcher

Enables you to search and insert emojis whenever and wherever you need them.

### Encoder/decoder

Encodes/decodes hex, binary, and base64.

### Everything

Rapidly searches your file system for specific files using [Everything](https://www.voidtools.com/).

### Finances

Looks up stock and ticker prices via Yahoo Finance.

### Hacker News

Fetches recent popular submissions from Hacker News.

### Metric converter

Converts between metric and imperial units.

### Notes

Allows you to create and save notes/snippets.

### OpenAI

Query ChatGPT directly from your desktop. Requires OpenAI API key.

### Operating system

Allows you to shut down, restart/reboot, and sleep your computer from Pinpoint.

### Password generator

Generates variable length passwords when you need them.

### Process manager

Kills specified processes.

### Shortcuts

Lets you create shortcuts to anything, website, files etc.

### Spotify controller

Controls any Spotify session associated with your account on any device from Pinpoint.

### Text manipulator

Performs various transformative text actions.

### Time zone converter

Converts time to/from various time zones.

### Translator

Translates text between specified languages.

### URL launcher

Launches URLs in your default browser.

### Weather forecast

Fetches weather forecasts (daily and weekly) for provided locations.

## Keyboard Shortcuts

| Key Combination                                                                                                                        | Action                                       |
| -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------- |
| <kbd>ALT</kbd>+<kbd>SPACE</kbd>                                                                                                        | Open/close query box                         |
| <kbd>ESC</kbd>                                                                                                                         | Close query box if empty                     |
| <kbd>Enter</kbd>                                                                                                                       | Execute selected query result                |
| <kbd>ALT</kbd>+<kbd>ENTER</kbd>                                                                                                        | Open primary option of selected query result |
| <kbd>↑</kbd>,<kbd>↓</kbd>                                                                                                              | Select item above or below                   |
| <kbd>CTRL</kbd>+<kbd>,</kbd>                                                                                                           | Open settings panel                          |
| <kbd>CTRL</kbd>+<kbd>L</kbd>                                                                                                           | Focus query box and its contents             |
| <kbd>CTRL</kbd>+[<kbd>1</kbd>,<kbd>2</kbd>,<kbd>3</kbd>,<kbd>4</kbd>,<kbd>5</kbd>,<kbd>6</kbd>,<kbd>7</kbd>,<kbd>8</kbd>,<kbd>9</kbd>] | Quick open result `n`                        |
| <kbd>ALT</kbd>+[<kbd>1</kbd>,<kbd>2</kbd>,<kbd>3</kbd>,<kbd>4</kbd>,<kbd>5</kbd>,<kbd>6</kbd>,<kbd>7</kbd>,<kbd>8</kbd>,<kbd>9</kbd>]  | Quick open options of result `n`             |
| <kbd>ALT</kbd>/<kbd>ESC</kbd>                                                                                                          | View result options / go back                |
| <kbd>TAB</kbd>                                                                                                                         | Auto-complete query according to results     |
| <kbd>CTRL</kbd>+<kbd>ALT</kbd>+<kbd>V</kbd>                                                                                            | Paste an entry from your clipboard history   |

## Contributing

Contributions are valued and welcome. Feel free to add new features but naturally also to improve existing ones. You can browse current [open issues](https://github.com/dkgv/pinpoint/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+sort%3Aupdated-desc) if you need inspiration. Please create one branch + PR per major change you make🙏

Commit message:

Implement window switcher plugin (#228)
* Initial windower plugin

* Implement essential functionality

* Don't cast window results

* Set window result subtitle to process name

* Add example

* Consistency

* Move window retrieving logic to window manager

README.md, after:

<h1>
    <sub>
        <img src="https://usepinpoint.com/static/icon.ico" height="38" width="38" />
    </sub>
    Pinpoint
</h1>

Pinpoint is an extensible keystroke launcher and productivity tool written in C#.

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/11279580/227036269-3b8be90f-71b6-4fb9-85e0-02361dfd5db2.mp4

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Features](#features)
- [Keyboard Shortcuts](#keyboard-shortcuts)
- [Contributing](#contributing)

## Installation

### Manually
- Download the latest release [here](https://github.com/dkgv/pinpoint/releases) (pick the standalone version if you do not have .NET 7 installed)
- Extract the `Pinpoint-X.X.X.zip` file
- Launch `Pinpoint.exe`

## Features

### App search

Searches for installed apps.

### Bangs

Allows you to use the 10.000+ [DuckDuckGo !Bang](https://duckduckgo.com/bang) operators to search directly on websites.

### Bookmarks

Indexes bookmarks across browsers (Brave, Chrome, Firefox).

### Calculator

Calculates simple mathematical expressions.

### Clipboard manager

Manages your clipboard contents automatically.

### Clipboard uploader

Uploads your clipboard to a pastebin and providing a shareable link.

### Color converter

Converts hex colors to RGB and vice versa.

### Command line

Launches CLI commands directly from Pinpoint.

### Control panel

Enables you to search for control panel items.

### Currency converter

Converts between currencies and crypto currencies.

### Dictionary

Defines words.

### Emoji searcher

Enables you to search and insert emojis whenever and wherever you need them.

### Encoder/decoder

Encodes/decodes hex, binary, and base64.

### Everything

Rapidly searches your file system for specific files using [Everything](https://www.voidtools.com/).

### Finances

Looks up stock and ticker prices via Yahoo Finance.

### Hacker News

Fetches recent popular submissions from Hacker News.

### Metric converter

Converts between metric and imperial units.

### Notes

Allows you to create and save notes/snippets.

### OpenAI

Query ChatGPT directly from your desktop. Requires OpenAI API key.

### Operating system

Allows you to shut down, restart/reboot, and sleep your computer from Pinpoint.

### Password generator

Generates variable length passwords when you need them.

### Process manager

Kills specified processes.

### Shortcuts

Lets you create shortcuts to anything, website, files etc.

### Spotify controller

Controls any Spotify session associated with your account on any device from Pinpoint.

### Text manipulator

Performs various transformative text actions.

### Time zone converter

Converts time to/from various time zones.

### Translator

Translates text between specified languages.

### URL launcher

Launches URLs in your default browser.

### Weather forecast

Fetches weather forecasts (daily and weekly) for provided locations.

## Window Switcher

Search and switch between open windows.

## Keyboard Shortcuts

| Key Combination                                                                                                                        | Action                                       |
| -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------- |
| <kbd>ALT</kbd>+<kbd>SPACE</kbd>                                                                                                        | Open/close query box                         |
| <kbd>ESC</kbd>                                                                                                                         | Close query box if empty                     |
| <kbd>Enter</kbd>                                                                                                                       | Execute selected query result                |
| <kbd>ALT</kbd>+<kbd>ENTER</kbd>                                                                                                        | Open primary option of selected query result |
| <kbd>↑</kbd>,<kbd>↓</kbd>                                                                                                              | Select item above or below                   |
| <kbd>CTRL</kbd>+<kbd>,</kbd>                                                                                                           | Open settings panel                          |
| <kbd>CTRL</kbd>+<kbd>L</kbd>                                                                                                           | Focus query box and its contents             |
| <kbd>CTRL</kbd>+[<kbd>1</kbd>,<kbd>2</kbd>,<kbd>3</kbd>,<kbd>4</kbd>,<kbd>5</kbd>,<kbd>6</kbd>,<kbd>7</kbd>,<kbd>8</kbd>,<kbd>9</kbd>] | Quick open result `n`                        |
| <kbd>ALT</kbd>+[<kbd>1</kbd>,<kbd>2</kbd>,<kbd>3</kbd>,<kbd>4</kbd>,<kbd>5</kbd>,<kbd>6</kbd>,<kbd>7</kbd>,<kbd>8</kbd>,<kbd>9</kbd>]  | Quick open options of result `n`             |
| <kbd>ALT</kbd>/<kbd>ESC</kbd>                                                                                                          | View result options / go back                |
| <kbd>TAB</kbd>                                                                                                                         | Auto-complete query according to results     |
| <kbd>CTRL</kbd>+<kbd>ALT</kbd>+<kbd>V</kbd>                                                                                            | Paste an entry from your clipboard history   |

## Contributing

Feel free to add or improve features, for inspiration [browse current open issues](https://github.com/dkgv/pinpoint/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+sort%3Aupdated-desc). Please create one branch + PR per major change you make🙏
